Adding a new topic of how to add a new dynamic rows system config (#4528)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/ext-best-practices/tutorials/dynamic-row-system-config.md

## Step 1: Add a new system field 

> `etc/adminhtml/system.xml`

```xml
<config xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:module:Magento_Config:etc/system_file.xsd">
    <system>
        <section id="general" translate="label" type="text">
            <group id="quantity_ranges" translate="label" type="text" sortOrder="10" showInDefault="1" showInWebsite="1" showInStore="1">
                <label>Quantity Ranges</label>
                <field id="ranges" translate="label" sortOrder="5" showInDefault="1" showInWebsite="1" showInStore="1">
                    <label>Ranges</label>
                    <frontend_model>[vendor]\[module]\Block\Adminhtml\Form\Field\Ranges</frontend_model>
                    <backend_model>Magento\Config\Model\Config\Backend\Serialized\ArraySerialized</backend_model>
                </field>
            </group>
        </section>
    </system>
</config>
```

This code adds a new system config in the following location:

> ``Stores/Configuration/General [General]/Quantity Ranges``

Reviewer: This path doesn't read right, and I think there are too many ` (remove one from each side).

Author: The ` have been removed.

Reviewer: <img width="679" alt="Screen Shot 2019-05-21 at 8 05 05 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14031342/58098492-4e964c00-7b9f-11e9-8140-e29a571e0e93.png">

Author: I don't really get why the current rendering is not good, like
`Stores/Configuration/General [General]/Quantity Ranges` ?
Maybe we should use a different separator, like `->`. What do you think?

Reviewer: Why is `General` in brackets? It doesn't make sense. It should be `Stores/Configuration/General/QuantityRanges` (also with no spaces, as it's unlikely the actual path has spaces---am I wrong?)

Is this the actual directory of a file, or a clickable path to get somewhere in the UI?

Directory: https://wiki.corp.magento.com/display/MDOC/OMS+Retros
Clickable path: `**Stores** > **Configuration** > **General** > **QuantityRanges**

Author: Regarding the `General` in brackets, I wanted to specify the tab, but agree that it is not the best option. After checking some other examples, looks like a better solution is to show it as:
`**Stores** > **Configuration** > **General** > **Quantity Ranges**`
I was checking this one as example:
https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/templates/template-email.html#customize-content

Reviewer: So, I don't have the UI open, but things that you actually click on should be bolded, and sections/areas that options lie within (but that don't require clicking) should not be bolded. The words should also be capitalized and spelled as exactly as in the UI.

Can you confirm that this applies to your changes to the clickable path?

Author: Yes, it is exactly as it is described. The clickable menu items are bolded and the sections (tabs) are not. Also the menu items are spelled and capitalized as they actually are.
Here the green highlighted are clickable items, and the blue ones are not.
![Xnip2019-05-21_21-58-21](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15868188/58123037-9951ab80-7c13-11e9-8418-1b4fdfe7d8a0.jpg)

Reviewer: Great! Thank you for this 💯

## Step 2: Create the front-end model class

> `Block/Adminhtml/Form/Field/Ranges.php`

```php
<?php
namespace Learning\GreetingMessage\Block\Adminhtml\Form\Field;

use Magento\Config\Block\System\Config\Form\Field\FieldArray\AbstractFieldArray;

/**
 * Class Ranges
 */
class Ranges extends AbstractFieldArray
{
    /**
     * Prepare rendering the new field by adding all the needed columns
     */
    protected function _prepareToRender()
    {
        $this->addColumn('from_qty', ['label' => __('From'), 'class' => 'required-entry']);
        $this->addColumn('to_qty', ['label' => __('To'), 'class' => 'required-entry']);
        $this->addColumn('price', ['label' => __('Price'), 'class' => 'required-entry']);
        $this->_addAfter = false;
        $this->_addButtonLabel = __('Add');
    }
}
```

This block prepares the desired columns for inclusion in the new config.

## Result

The result is a new dynamic system row field in the Admin panel.

![Dynamic Rows System Config]({{ site.baseurl }}/common/images/ext-best-practices/dynamic-rows-config-result.png)

> [0]:{{ site.mage2bloburl }}/2.1/app/code/Magento/Config/Block/System/Config/Form/Field/FieldArray/AbstractFieldArray.php

Reviewer: I believe there needs to be a space after the `[0]:` for it to render properly.

Author: I was able to find several examples without space, but anyway I've removed it.

---
group: extension-best-practices
subgroup: 02_Extension-Coding
title: Creating a dynamic row system config
menu_title: Creating a dynamic row system config
menu_order: 1010
functional_areas:
  - Standards
---

> ### Overview

Reviewer: Remove `### Overview` heading. We don't need these.

> This tutorial gives instructions for adding a new dynamic rows system config in the {% glossarytooltip 18b930cf-09cc-47c9-a5e5-905f86c43f81 %}Magento admin{% endglossarytooltip %}, by extending the [Magento/Config/Block/System/Config/Form/Field/FieldArray/AbstractFieldArray][0]{:target="_blank"} class. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows you how to add a new dynamic rows system configuration in the {% glossarytooltip 18b930cf-09cc-47c9-a5e5-905f86c43f81 %}Magento admin{% endglossarytooltip %} by extending the [`Magento/Config/Block/System/Config/Form/Field/FieldArray/AbstractFieldArray`][0]{:target="_blank"} class. 
```

> ## Step 1: Add your new system field 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Add a new system field 
```

> {:#step-1}

Reviewer: Why are these here for the steps?

`{:#step-1}`, `{:#step-2}`?

Author: I was checking another example (in order to show them as steps in the right sidebar), but most probably they are old versioned, so removed them.
Thank you.

> **etc/adminhtml/system.xml**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `etc/adminhtml/system.xml`
```

```xml
<config xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:module:Magento_Config:etc/system_file.xsd">
    <system>
        <section id="general" translate="label" type="text">
            <group id="quantity_ranges" translate="label" type="text" sortOrder="10" showInDefault="1" showInWebsite="1" showInStore="1">
                <label>Quantity Ranges</label>
                <field id="ranges" translate="label" sortOrder="5" showInDefault="1" showInWebsite="1" showInStore="1">
                    <label>Ranges</label>
                    <frontend_model>[vendor]\[module]\Block\Adminhtml\Form\Field\Ranges</frontend_model>
                    <backend_model>Magento\Config\Model\Config\Backend\Serialized\ArraySerialized</backend_model>
                </field>
            </group>
        </section>
    </system>
</config>
```

> This code adds a new system config on the following location:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code adds a new system config in the following location:
```

Reviewer: Also remove the spaces between the words and / in the path below.

Reviewer: The path isn't showing correctly. When I click View File, I see this:

<img width="679" alt="Screen Shot 2019-05-21 at 8 05 05 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14031342/58098426-31fa1400-7b9f-11e9-8ea2-6f1833831a12.png">

``Stores / Configuration / General [General] / Quantity Ranges``

> ## Step 2: Create the Frontend model class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Create the front-end model class
```

{:#step-2}

> **Block/Adminhtml/Form/Field/Ranges.php**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `Block/Adminhtml/Form/Field/Ranges.php`
```

```php
<?php
namespace Learning\GreetingMessage\Block\Adminhtml\Form\Field;

use Magento\Config\Block\System\Config\Form\Field\FieldArray\AbstractFieldArray;

/**
 * Class Ranges
 */
class Ranges extends AbstractFieldArray
{
    /**
     * Prepare rendering the new field by adding all the needed columns
     */
    protected function _prepareToRender()
    {
        $this->addColumn('from_qty', ['label' => __('From'), 'class' => 'required-entry']);
        $this->addColumn('to_qty', ['label' => __('To'), 'class' => 'required-entry']);
        $this->addColumn('price', ['label' => __('Price'), 'class' => 'required-entry']);
        $this->_addAfter = false;
        $this->_addButtonLabel = __('Add');
    }
}
```

> This block prepares the columns that you want to have in your new config. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This block prepares the desired columns for inclusion in the new config. 
```

> ### Result

Reviewer: Should `### Result` be a level 2 heading, because it's the result of both steps?

Author: Agree.
Thank you.

> The result is a new system dynamic row field into Admin panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result is a new dynamic system row field in the Admin panel.
```
